Update to reference the `pj-rehearse` external prow plugin (#306)
openshift/ci-docs: content/en/docs/how-tos/contributing-openshift-release.md

target component repository after the changes would be merged. This provides pull request authors early feedback about
how config changes impact CI setup.

#### External Prow Plugin

All pull requests trigger a `pj-rehearse` external prow plugin. It checks the changes in a pull request and comments a list of jobs that are relevant to them. It also supplies directions for interacting with itself. The user can either comment:
* `/pj-rehearse` to run up to 10 rehearsal jobs from the list
* `/pj-rehearse more` to run up to 20 rehearsal jobs from the list
* `/pj-rehearse max` to run up to 35 rehearsal jobs from the list
* `/pj-rehearse skip` to opt-out of rehearsals for the PR, and add the `rehearsals-ack` label
* `/pj-rehearse ack` to acknowledge the rehearsals (pass or fail), and add the `rehearsals-ack` label

> The `rehearsals-ack` label is not used at the moment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rehearsals-ack` label is not used at the moment.
```

> Once the `rehearsals-ack` label is present on the PR it will be able to be merged provided that all additional merge criteria are met.

Reviewer: Do I understand it correctly?

1. Create a PR. 
2.1 If no `/pj-rehearse` cmd is issued, then no rehearsals are executed.
2.2 /pj-rehearse` or `/pj-rehearse more` or `/pj-rehearse max` can be issued. Then it blocks  the PR from being merged until `rehearsals-ack` is added by either `/pj-rehearse skip` or  `/pj-rehearse ack`.

> Once the `rehearsals-ack` label is present on the PR it will be able to be merged provided that all additional merge criteria are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rehearsals-ack` label is not used at the moment
```

target component repository after the changes would be merged. This provides pull request authors early feedback about
how config changes impact CI setup.

#### External Prow Plugin

> All pull requests trigger a `pj-rehearse` external prow plugin. It checks the modified files for any rehearsable changes,
> and comments a list of them. It also supplies directions for interacting with itself. The user can either comment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All pull requests trigger a `pj-rehearse` external prow plugin. It checks the changes in a pull request and comments a list of jobs that are relevant to them. It also supplies directions for interacting with itself. The user can either comment:
```

* `/pj-rehearse` to run up to 10 rehearsal jobs from the list
* `/pj-rehearse more` to run up to 20 rehearsal jobs from the list
* `/pj-rehearse max` to run up to 35 rehearsal jobs from the list
* `/pj-rehearse skip` to opt-out of rehearsals for the PR
* `/pj-rehearse ack` to acknowledge the rehearsals (pass or fail)

> Once the `rehearsals-ack` label is present on the PR it will be able to be merged once all additional merge criteria are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `rehearsals-ack` label is present on the PR it will be able to be merged provided that all additional merge criteria are met.
```

> Once the `rehearsals-ack` label is present on the PR it will be able to be merged once all additional merge criteria are met.

Reviewer: What triggers the addition of the `rehearsals-ack` label? I guess all rehearsals are green?
I think it is also worth mentioning what triggers the removal of the label.

Author: I can be more specific with how the label is added. Currently, there is no way to remove the label, maybe `/unlabel` works, I'll have to try it...

Author: `/remove-label` doesn't currently work because I don't have the label added via the labels config (yet). I was planning on doing that when we made it part of the merge criteria. I will also update these docs at that time. I want the plugin itself to be able to remove the label if we want that functionality, so I will be making that update as well.

Reviewer: What happens if `/pj-rehearse more` on a PR and do nothing afterwards?

What happens if the 2nd commit is pushed onto an existing PR with the `rehearsals-ack` label which came from a previous`/pr-rehearse skip`?

Author: > What happens if `/pj-rehearse more` on a PR and do nothing afterwards?

Currently, it will run up to 20 jobs and then merge once other criteria are met. After phase two (beginning next week assuming all else goes well), it will require the `ack` to merge.

> What happens if the 2nd commit is pushed onto an existing PR with the rehearsals-ack label which came from a previous/pr-rehearse skip?

The label will not be removed, rehearsals can be re-triggered, however. I think this plugin definitely needs to be able to remove the label. I am not sure if it should happen automatically on a new push, but I am open to the idea.

I also think that the comment listing the rehearsable jobs needs to be updated on a push.

#### Rehearsal Logic

> When the plugin is asked to rehearse it submits rehearsal jobs for execution, and they will report to the pull request
> results via the GitHub contexts named with the `ci/rehearse/$org/$repo/$branch/$test` pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the plugin is asked to rehearse it submits rehearsal jobs for execution and will report to the pull request
the results via the GitHub contexts named with the `ci/rehearse/$org/$repo/$branch/$test` pattern.
```

> The individual rehearsal jobs do not block merges. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rehearsal jobs do not block merges. 
```
